content/core-team.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: NL-RSE Core Team

members:
  - name: Yan Grange
    image: /img/core-team/yan.jpg
    desc: Yan Grange works as a software developer in the Science Data Centre project line at ASTRON, the Netherlands institute for Radio Astronomy. The goal of this line is to make the data collections of ASTRON accessible to a wider community. Yan's focus in the team lies on data management and access.

  - name: Thomas Pronk
    image: /img/core-team/thomas.jpg
    desc: Thomas works as a research software consultant at the Research Data Management department of Amsterdam UMC. There he tries to improve medical science by improving research software management. He did his PhD at the University of Amsterdam, which covered similar topics in the context of behavioral science.

  - name: Daan van Vugt
    image: /img/core-team/daan.jpg
    desc: Daan van Vugt leads Ignition Computing, a boutique high-tech and HPC software consultancy firm, founded to develop scientific software for ITER. He obtained a PhD in nuclear fusion, developing a combined finite element Magnetohydrodynamics and Particle-in-Cell code. His interests include visualisation tools, data analysis pipelines, batch processing systems, application deployment and continous integration & delivery and full-stack web development.

  - name: Dan Rudmann
    image: /img/core-team/dan.png
    desc: Dan Rudmann is a Digital Scholarship Librarian at Leiden University. He works to initiate Leiden's expertise area in Research Software through the formation of the Research Software Community Leiden.

  - name: Meron Vermaas
    image: /img/core-team/meron.jpg
    desc: Meron is a Coordinator of Research Software at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam). He has worked in computational neuroscience at the Donders Institute Nijmegen and UMC Utrecht, where he obtained a PhD. Currently, he works on improving software sustainability at the VU by focusing on developing expertise in software practices, infrastructure, and support. 
    
  - name: Rena Bakhshi
    image: /img/core-team/rena.jpeg
    desc: Rena Bakhshi holds a PhD in theoretical computer science. She worked as an RSE, Coordinator and Programme Manager (the NES portfolio) at the Netherlands eScience Center. In her current position as a Programme Officer, she is designing and executing eScience calls, and responsible for evaluating of eScience projects and calls.

secretary:
  - name: Lieke de Boer
    image: /img/core-team/lieke.jpg
    desc: Lieke is a Scientific Community Manager at the eScience Center, who holds a PhD in cognitive neuroscience. At the eScience Center, she organizes workshops and trainings. Her interest in open science and software sustainability brough her to NL-RSE, where she coordinates NL-RSE meetups and writes blog posts.


past:
  - name: Carlos Martinez Ortiz
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: Niels Drost
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: Maria Cruz
    organization: Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  

  - name: Vahid Garousi
    organization: Wageningen University & Research

  - name: Susan Branchett
    organization: Delft University of Technology

  - name: Mateusz Kuzak
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: James Meakin
    organization: RadboudUMC

  - name: Albert Meroño-Peñuela
    organization: Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

  - name: Anna-Lena Lamprecht
    organization: Utrecht University

  - name: Ben van Werkhoven
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center
---

Commit message:

Add Yasel to core-team

content/core-team.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: NL-RSE Core Team

members:
  - name: Yan Grange
    image: /img/core-team/yan.jpg
    desc: Yan Grange works as a software developer in the Science Data Centre project line at ASTRON, the Netherlands institute for Radio Astronomy. The goal of this line is to make the data collections of ASTRON accessible to a wider community. Yan's focus in the team lies on data management and access.

  - name: Thomas Pronk
    image: /img/core-team/thomas.jpg
    desc: Thomas works as a research software consultant at the Research Data Management department of Amsterdam UMC. There he tries to improve medical science by improving research software management. He did his PhD at the University of Amsterdam, which covered similar topics in the context of behavioral science.

  - name: Daan van Vugt
    image: /img/core-team/daan.jpg
    desc: Daan van Vugt leads Ignition Computing, a boutique high-tech and HPC software consultancy firm, founded to develop scientific software for ITER. He obtained a PhD in nuclear fusion, developing a combined finite element Magnetohydrodynamics and Particle-in-Cell code. His interests include visualisation tools, data analysis pipelines, batch processing systems, application deployment and continous integration & delivery and full-stack web development.

  - name: Dan Rudmann
    image: /img/core-team/dan.png
    desc: Dan Rudmann is a Digital Scholarship Librarian at Leiden University. He works to initiate Leiden's expertise area in Research Software through the formation of the Research Software Community Leiden.

  - name: Meron Vermaas
    image: /img/core-team/meron.jpg
    desc: Meron is a Coordinator of Research Software at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU Amsterdam). He has worked in computational neuroscience at the Donders Institute Nijmegen and UMC Utrecht, where he obtained a PhD. Currently, he works on improving software sustainability at the VU by focusing on developing expertise in software practices, infrastructure, and support. 
    
  - name: Rena Bakhshi
    image: /img/core-team/rena.jpeg
    desc: Rena Bakhshi holds a PhD in theoretical computer science. She worked as an RSE, Coordinator and Programme Manager (the NES portfolio) at the Netherlands eScience Center. In her current position as a Programme Officer, she is designing and executing eScience calls, and responsible for evaluating of eScience projects and calls.

  - name: Yasel Quintero
    image: /img/core-team/yasel.jpg
    desc: Yasel is a Research Software Engineer at the TU Delft Digital Competence Center. In her role, she develops software solutions for research projects across all disciplines, with a particluar focus on the fields of physics and engineering. Besides her technical work she enjoys engaging with the RSE community, organizing events, providing training and participating in mentorship programs.

secretary:
  - name: Lieke de Boer
    image: /img/core-team/lieke.jpg
    desc: Lieke is a Scientific Community Manager at the eScience Center, who holds a PhD in cognitive neuroscience. At the eScience Center, she organizes workshops and trainings. Her interest in open science and software sustainability brough her to NL-RSE, where she coordinates NL-RSE meetups and writes blog posts.


past:
  - name: Carlos Martinez Ortiz
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: Niels Drost
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: Maria Cruz
    organization: Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  

  - name: Vahid Garousi
    organization: Wageningen University & Research

  - name: Susan Branchett
    organization: Delft University of Technology

  - name: Mateusz Kuzak
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center

  - name: James Meakin
    organization: RadboudUMC

  - name: Albert Meroño-Peñuela
    organization: Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam

  - name: Anna-Lena Lamprecht
    organization: Utrecht University

  - name: Ben van Werkhoven
    organization: Netherlands eScience Center
---
