content/groups.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: RSE groups in NL

groups:
  - title: Research Data Management, Research Support @ Amsterdam UMC
    url: https://www.amsterdamumc.org/en/research-support/data-management.htm
    research_goal: |
      Research data management (RDM) aims to control the entire data management process along the research lifecycle; from study preparation, data acquisition, data processing and statistical analysis, writing and publishing, to archiving and open data.

      Research data should be organized according the FAIR principles, making data Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable and, where applicable, additional requirements (e.g. for WMO, GCP and GDPR). It should be well documented, transparent and traceable. Legislation and growing emphasis on issues such as reproducibility, integrity of research and the requirement of subsidy providers for sharing data require specific working procedures, facilities and support.

      All Amsterdam UMC (clinical and non-clinical) researchers can get support on their study preparation, including writing a data management plan, their data collection (including appropriate tooling), preparing data for statistical analysis, and sharing and publication of research data.

      The Research data management department’s expertise is translated into policies, education, consultation and executive support, and we are the entrance point for requests for Epic data and setting up an additional data collection for research in Epic.
    group_size: 20+
    group_focus: 20-40%
    contact:

  - title: DCC @ TU Delft
    url: https://dcc.tudelft.nl/
    research_goal: The TU Delft Digital Competence Centre (DCC) is a central team of research data and software engineers that supports researchers across all faculties at TU Delft. The team offers expertise in FAIR data management, research software development, and effective computing practices to enhance research quality and efficiency. Their services include hands-on support for research projects, digital skills training, and an office hours service.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    contact: mailto:dcc@tudelft.nl
  
  - title: Electrophysiology of the heart @ Erasmus MC
    research_goal: At the (cardiac) electrophysiology group at the department of cardiology at the Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam heart rhythm disorders are studied by means of the analysis of detailed measurements during (open) heart surgery procedures, as well as with laboratory setups. The group is composed of a large part of PhD and Master students from medical and related study areas. Two people develop the main software to record, reduce and analyse the large and growing amount of data.
    group_size: 20-30
    group_focus: 40-60%
    url:
    contact: mailto:m.c.roos@erasmusmc.nl
  
  - title: The Research Software Lab of the Centre for Digital Humanities @ Utrecht University
    research_goal: The Research Software Lab team of the Centre for Digital Humanities at Utrecht University consists of ten scientific developers who provide technical support by creating custom software solutions for research and education purposes. Their expertise spans a wide range of applications, including databases, visualizations, and text mining tools. Additionally, the CDH RSLab offers guidance on (the adaptation of) ready-to-use research software solutions. All of our research software developers have humanities backgrounds, in fields such as linguistics, history, musicology, and artificial intelligence.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://cdh.uu.nl/about/research-software-lab/
    contact: mailto:digitalhumanities@uu.nl

  - title: REIT @ Computer Science TU Delft
    research_goal: The Research Engineering and Infrastructure Team (REIT) is a diverse team of research (software) engineers dedicated to support researchers at TU Delft's Computer Science departments with their expertise in software engineering, data science, and high-performance computing. The team contributes to projects across all sections of computer science at the university.
    group_size: 10-20
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://reit.tudelft.nl/
    contact: mailto:reit-ewi@tudelft.nl

  - title: DIAG RSE @ Radboud UMC
    research_goal: The Diagnostic Image Analysis Group (DIAG) RSE Team at Radboud University Medical Centre, builds cloud-based solutions to support researchers in all aspects of AI model development in biomedical imaging - and beyond. Their flagship project is Grand Challenge, an open-source platform that enables end-to-end creation, evaluation, and deployment of machine learning solutions for biomedical imaging.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://rse.diagnijmegen.nl
    contact: mailto:support@grand-challenge.org

  - title: Digital Research Support @ Tilburg University
    research_goal: The Digital Research Support team is part of the Library and IT Services division at Tilburg University (TiU). It assists researchers with all questions related to ICT for research. This includes providing access to and support for the use of compute and data infrastructure, both locally at TiU and through external providers such as SURF. The team also supports researchers in finding, using, extending, and improving research software. Additionally, they collaborate with researchers to explore new possibilities, such as large language models and artificial intelligence.
    group_size: 1-5
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: 
    contact: mailto:digitalresearchsupport@tilburguniversity.edu

  - title: Research Engineering Team @ Utrecht University
    research_goal: The Research Engineering team at Utrecht University is a group of developers at the central IT department, supporting research groups across the entire university. The core activity of the team is providing hands-on project support with e.g. research software development, implementation of digital tools and methods and computational workflows. Furthermore, the team offers consultancy and training on large scale computing, digital infrastructure, code quality, open source/FAIR best practices, and more.
    group_size: 10-20
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://www.uu.nl/en/research/research-data-management/support/research-engineers
    contact: mailto:research.engineering@uu.nl

#  - title: ...
#    url: ...
#    research_goal: ...
#    group_size: 20+
#    group_focus: 20-40%
#    contact:
---

Commit message:

Add RSEC to Groups page and TNO to community page

content/groups.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: RSE groups in NL

groups:
  - title: Research Data Management, Research Support @ Amsterdam UMC
    url: https://www.amsterdamumc.org/en/research-support/data-management.htm
    research_goal: |
      Research data management (RDM) aims to control the entire data management process along the research lifecycle; from study preparation, data acquisition, data processing and statistical analysis, writing and publishing, to archiving and open data.

      Research data should be organized according the FAIR principles, making data Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable and, where applicable, additional requirements (e.g. for WMO, GCP and GDPR). It should be well documented, transparent and traceable. Legislation and growing emphasis on issues such as reproducibility, integrity of research and the requirement of subsidy providers for sharing data require specific working procedures, facilities and support.

      All Amsterdam UMC (clinical and non-clinical) researchers can get support on their study preparation, including writing a data management plan, their data collection (including appropriate tooling), preparing data for statistical analysis, and sharing and publication of research data.

      The Research data management department’s expertise is translated into policies, education, consultation and executive support, and we are the entrance point for requests for Epic data and setting up an additional data collection for research in Epic.
    group_size: 20+
    group_focus: 20-40%
    contact:

  - title: DCC @ TU Delft
    url: https://dcc.tudelft.nl/
    research_goal: The TU Delft Digital Competence Centre (DCC) is a central team of research data and software engineers that supports researchers across all faculties at TU Delft. The team offers expertise in FAIR data management, research software development, and effective computing practices to enhance research quality and efficiency. Their services include hands-on support for research projects, digital skills training, and an office hours service.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    contact: mailto:dcc@tudelft.nl
  
  - title: Electrophysiology of the heart @ Erasmus MC
    research_goal: At the (cardiac) electrophysiology group at the department of cardiology at the Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam heart rhythm disorders are studied by means of the analysis of detailed measurements during (open) heart surgery procedures, as well as with laboratory setups. The group is composed of a large part of PhD and Master students from medical and related study areas. Two people develop the main software to record, reduce and analyse the large and growing amount of data.
    group_size: 20-30
    group_focus: 40-60%
    url:
    contact: mailto:m.c.roos@erasmusmc.nl
  
  - title: The Research Software Lab of the Centre for Digital Humanities @ Utrecht University
    research_goal: The Research Software Lab team of the Centre for Digital Humanities at Utrecht University consists of ten scientific developers who provide technical support by creating custom software solutions for research and education purposes. Their expertise spans a wide range of applications, including databases, visualizations, and text mining tools. Additionally, the CDH RSLab offers guidance on (the adaptation of) ready-to-use research software solutions. All of our research software developers have humanities backgrounds, in fields such as linguistics, history, musicology, and artificial intelligence.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://cdh.uu.nl/about/research-software-lab/
    contact: mailto:digitalhumanities@uu.nl

  - title: REIT @ Computer Science TU Delft
    research_goal: The Research Engineering and Infrastructure Team (REIT) is a diverse team of research (software) engineers dedicated to support researchers at TU Delft's Computer Science departments with their expertise in software engineering, data science, and high-performance computing. The team contributes to projects across all sections of computer science at the university.
    group_size: 10-20
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://reit.tudelft.nl/
    contact: mailto:reit-ewi@tudelft.nl

  - title: DIAG RSE @ Radboud UMC
    research_goal: The Diagnostic Image Analysis Group (DIAG) RSE Team at Radboud University Medical Centre, builds cloud-based solutions to support researchers in all aspects of AI model development in biomedical imaging - and beyond. Their flagship project is Grand Challenge, an open-source platform that enables end-to-end creation, evaluation, and deployment of machine learning solutions for biomedical imaging.
    group_size: 5-10
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://rse.diagnijmegen.nl
    contact: mailto:support@grand-challenge.org

  - title: Digital Research Support @ Tilburg University
    research_goal: The Digital Research Support team is part of the Library and IT Services division at Tilburg University (TiU). It assists researchers with all questions related to ICT for research. This includes providing access to and support for the use of compute and data infrastructure, both locally at TiU and through external providers such as SURF. The team also supports researchers in finding, using, extending, and improving research software. Additionally, they collaborate with researchers to explore new possibilities, such as large language models and artificial intelligence.
    group_size: 1-5
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: 
    contact: mailto:digitalresearchsupport@tilburguniversity.edu

  - title: Research Engineering Team @ Utrecht University
    research_goal: The Research Engineering team at Utrecht University is a group of developers at the central IT department, supporting research groups across the entire university. The core activity of the team is providing hands-on project support with e.g. research software development, implementation of digital tools and methods and computational workflows. Furthermore, the team offers consultancy and training on large scale computing, digital infrastructure, code quality, open source/FAIR best practices, and more.
    group_size: 10-20
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://www.uu.nl/en/research/research-data-management/support/research-engineers
    contact: mailto:research.engineering@uu.nl

  - title: RSEC @ Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University
    research_goal: The Research Software Engineering & Consulting (RSEC) team is part of the RSM Digitalisation & Information Services (RDIS) department at the Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University. Our team supports students and researchers with any challenges that require specialised software or hardware solutions for their research.
    group_size: 1-5
    group_focus: 80+%
    url: https://doi.org/10.15133/rsm_it_research_support
    contact: mailto:rsec@rsm.nl


#  - title: ...
#    url: ...
#    research_goal: ...
#    group_size: 20+
#    group_focus: 20-40%
#    contact:
---
