---
layout: event
image: '/img/meetup-header-with-logo.jpg'
title: "Webinar: Professional Paths for Research Software Engineers"
date: 2025-03-20
---

# March 2025 Webinar

## Future-Proofing Dutch Research: Professional Paths for Research Software Engineers

How can Dutch research institutions maintain a competitive edge in an increasingly commercial and digital research landscape? 

Research Software Engineers combine software expertise with deep understanding of the research process. Their work is essential to research excellence, open science initiatives, and successful grant applications. Yet many institutions struggle to create sustainable career paths for these professionals, risking the loss of crucial technical talent to industry.

During this webinar, we will present a new report that examines how organizations can support and retain Research Software Engineers (RSEs) - the technical experts who develop and maintain the specialized software that powers modern scientific discovery. We will hear stories from institutions that have built successful RSE teams and how they’ve managed, and we will facilitate an interactive discussion on implementing recommendations at institutional and national levels. While the recommendations are focused on the Dutch landscape, the report insights are also relevant in an international context. A link to the report will be shared with participants before the event. 

This webinar is organized by Netherlands Research Software Engineer Community (NL-RSE) and the National Coordination Point Research Data Management (LCRDM). The target audience is RSEs, researchers, research managers, policy makers and research funders with an interest in RSE professionalization. 

## Location
Online
<a href="https://us02web.zoom.us/j/85449471567">Zoom Link</a>

## Registration
Attendance is free and open to all.

<a class="btn btn-outline btn-md hover:bg-primary" href="https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/professional-paths-for-research-software-engineers-tickets-1255492966259">
Registration
</a>

## Agenda TBA

If you have any questions, please contact the host [Lieke de Boer](mailto:l.deboer@esciencecenter.nl)
